README.md, before:

# 👩🏻‍💻 My Portfolio

A modern, minimalist web application built to showcase my professional experience, projects, and contact information.
It features a **Sidebar Navigation**, a **Contact Bar**, a **Professional Summary**, and a **Light/Dark Mode Toggle** all styled with a clean, contemporary aesthetic using Tailwind CSS and Google Fonts.

---

## ✨ Features

- 🖥️ **Sidebar Navigation** - Left-side panel with external links to projects, opening in new tabs
- 👩🏻‍💻 **Contact Bar** - Right-side panel displaying a professional portrait and contact info
- 📄 **Professional Summary** - Central section highlighting skills and experience
- 🌙 **Light/Dark Mode Toggle** - Easily switch between light and dark themes
- 🎨 **Modern UI** - Clean layout with Tailwind CSS and custom Google Fonts for a polished, professional look

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- ⚡ **Framework:** [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- 💻 **Frontend:** [React](https://react.dev/), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- 🎨 **Styling:** [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
- 🧩 **Version Control:** [GitHub](https://github.com/)

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/s-anicic/my-portfolio
```

### 2. Navigate into the project

```bash
cd my-portfolio
```

### 3. Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 4. Run the development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

Then open **[http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)** in your browser to view the app.

---

## 💖 Acknowledgements

- Fonts from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

Commit message:

Updated README with React Icons details
Updated README to include React Icons in features and tech stack.

README.md, after:

# 👩🏻‍💻 My Portfolio

A modern, minimalist web application built to showcase my professional experience, projects, and contact information.
It features a **Sidebar Navigation**, a **Contact Bar**, a **Professional Summary**, and a **Light/Dark Mode Toggle** all styled with a clean, contemporary aesthetic using **Tailwind CSS**, **React Icons** and **Google Fonts**.

---

## 📸 Preview

<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4eed922a-ea12-46de-a16a-65cb949baae2" alt="My Portfolio - Light Mode"/> </br>

<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f2549ff5-0cbc-4c53-97ef-209c1ed0f562" alt="My Portfolio - Dark Mode"/>

---

## ✨ Features

- 🖥️ **Sidebar Navigation** - Left-side panel with external links to projects, opening in new tabs
- 👩🏻‍💻 **Contact Bar** - Right-side panel displaying a professional portrait and contact info
- 📄 **Professional Summary** - Central section highlighting skills and experience
- 🌙 **Light/Dark Mode Toggle** - Easily switch between light and dark themes
- 🎨 **Modern UI** - Clean layout with Tailwind CSS, React Icons and custom Google Fonts for a polished, professional look

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- ⚡ **Framework:** [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- 💻 **Frontend:** [React](https://react.dev/), [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- 🎨 **Styling:** [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/), [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/), [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)
- 🧩 **Version Control:** [GitHub](https://github.com/)

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 1. Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/s-anicic/my-portfolio
```

### 2. Navigate into the project

```bash
cd my-portfolio
```

### 3. Install dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

### 4. Run the development server

```bash
npm run dev
```

Then open **[http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)** in your browser to view the app.

---

## 💖 Acknowledgements

- Fonts from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)  
- Icons from [React Icons](https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons/)
